---
title: "Python and DSA Teaching Assistant"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2022-08-10-py-dsa
venue: "SRM University, AP, India"
date: 2022-08-10
location: "City, Country"
---

As a Python and DSA Teaching Assistant at SRM University, AP, India, I am responsible for teaching theoretical and advanced Python topics to juniors. I aim to get them industry-ready by providing them with the knowledge and skills they need to succeed in the tech industry.

I typically teach in 2 parts, each consisting of 8-weeks on Python and DSA. The first part covers the basics of Python, such as variables, data types, operators, control flow, functions, and modules. The second part covers more advanced topics, such as object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms.

I use a variety of teaching methods to engage my students and help them learn. I typically start each class with a brief overview of the topic we will be covering. Then, I give a lecture on the topic, followed by a Q&A session. I also assign homework assignments and projects to help students practice what they have learned.

I enjoy being a Python and DSA Teaching Assistant because I get to help students learn a valuable skill that can help them in their careers. I also enjoy the challenge of coming up with creative and engaging ways to teach the material.



Topics Include:
======
- Python Basics
- Frameworks like: Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib
- Machine Learning: Scikit
- Deep Learning Basics: Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch